h1. Fanceebox

Fanceebox is a very basic accessory though, very useful. What it does is add "fancybox":http://fancybox.net to the control panel so you can call it from your custom fields&#39; labels.

Read this "article":http://nicolasbottari.com/blog/decorate_your_custom_field_labels_in_expressionengine/ for a bit more context on adding HTML to your field labels.

You can add popups links to images, galleries and websites directly within your publish/edit page. These can be external or internal.

*New*
Now with fancybox support for your custom CP navigation via "Zoo Flexible Admin":http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zoo-flexible-admin/.

Let me know if you need any assistance and or can contribute to this add-on. Contact "me on twitter":http://twitter.com/natetronn or via "my website":http://natetronn.com/.

h2. Compatibility

* ExpressionEngine 2.x+ 
* Tested in 2.1.3, 2.2.0, 2.2.1, 2.2.2, 2.3.1

h2. Installation

*For EE2*
* Copy <code>system/expressionengine/third_party/fanceebox</code> to your <code>system/expressionengine/third_party</code> directory
* Copy <code>themes/third_party/fanceebox</code> to your <code>themes/third_party</code> directory

h2. Usage

You can add one of the following classes to your a href tag in your custom field description:

* fancy_image
* fancy_group
* fancy_inline
* fancy_iframe

h2. Examples

*Single item*

<code><a class="fancy_iframe" href="http://fancybox.net">Fancybox</a></code>

*Gallery of items*

<code><a class="fancy_group" rel="group1" href="image1.jpg">Step 1</a></code>
<code><a class="fancy_group" rel="group1" href="image2.jpg">Step 2</a></code>

*Zoo Flexible Admin*

Add <code>?iframe</code> to the end of your custom links via Zoo Flexible Admin's control panel.

h2. Notes

You can update popup box sizes and settings however, at this time these options will need to be updated manually in the <code>system/expressionengine/third_party/fanceebox/javascript/jquery.fanceebox.js</code> file to meet your specific needs.
Please see the "fancybox api":http://fancybox.net/api and their "howto":http://fancybox.net/howto for more options. 

h2. Change Log

+*Mar 18, 2012: 1.0.7*+

* security update - deny direct access

*Nov 9, 2011: 1.0.6*

* added in add_package_path for 2.3.1 support

*Aug 9, 2011: 1.0.5*

* added in a packed version of the fanceebox js
* cleaned up the theme_folder_url setup a bit

*Aug 7, 2011: 1.0.4*

* added support for Zoo Flexible Admin (formerly NDG Flexible Admin)
* cleaned things up a bit
* changed license to MIT
* changed readme.txt to readme.textile and added what your reading now

*Jan 23, 2011: 1.0.0*

* Initial Release


h2. To Do Thoughts

* Would be nice to setup this up in such a way to allow the editing of the fancybox options. Currently any adjustments have to be made manually in the fanceebox.js file. This would probably have to turn into an extension.